
Koordination aller internen Aktivit채ten zur Sicherstellung des Leistungsumfangs, der Termine, Kosten, Qualit채t und weiterer vertraglichen kundenanforderungen.
Haupt-Kundenansprechepartner der zu verantwortenden Programme und projekten.
Technishes und wirtschaftliche analyse und Pr체fung und Umsetzung der Stakeholder req & Kundenanforderung sowie internen Produktstrategie und Sicherstellung der Erf체llung gesetzliches und vertraglichen Verpflichtungen.


Hi ,  Hope you are doing well. Long time since we could not catch up. Actually, It was really great working with you, since you were one of the cool headed and smart engineer/Manager, i came across who synced with me during discussions and meetings.
I am thinking about looking for further oppurtunities from April or May 2024, so i am updating my profile. Could you please write short reommendation /Testimonial about me.  I trying for further in the role of SYS PM or generic project manager. so, kindly mention a word about planning or co-ordination roles i played in the project. Currently, i am working as Requirements manager / System project manager.

i would be for sure to happy to give you a nice reommendation /Testimonial via Linkedin for you in turn. Let me know, if you need it specific template/ content, that you could use to rewrite.



Naveen : 


I knew him from the early days of Bosch, he always had good know how and technical understanding of Automotive systems all levels & and the latest trends. He was expreinced in co-ordination and management/orgnisation of work products including WBS, scheduling and proritization. he is smart working and result orientation, who builds good rapport with internal and external stakeholders. Always a pleasant experience to discuss and brain storm with him. additionally, he catered to programs of multiple customer projects using a single platform of ECU like EDC17C55, EDC17 C53 etc, which was added advantage to the organistation and optimized useage of resources.

Zubair : 
I had good experience working togehter with Madhan. Our colloborations were highly productive and constructive. We both enjoyed and learned a lot working together. He has deeper understanding of the technical stuff, program & project management and ASPICE process. He is an expert for stakeholder analysis and feasibilit of the customer requirements for a given vehicle and platform. I worked togehter with his guidance as RE, when he acted as the Requirements manager. He is a good team player and motivates the team to work and move forward in a constructive manner.


Mohan - villivakkam

Madhan is a skilled team player and result oriented. I worked togehter with him in organising events in the pasts. He is very skill full in managing and co-ordinating large scale operations & events with smooth scheduling and timeline planning. He has very good understanding of the work break down struture and its interdependencies. He is cool head and smart work, who is friendly to interact and brings out the best from everyone to deliver maximum, which leads to ultimate project success.




Jeevan - 

I worked togehter with Madhan in organising Large scale events and operations in the pasts. Madhan is a very skilled team player and result oriented. He is very smart in organising, managing and co-ordinating large scale operations & events with effecitent scheduling and proper timeline planning. He has a very good know how of the work break down structure, estimations, scope control and its interdependencies. He believes in equality, encourages everyone around to give maximum output. He is a smart worker, who is easy to interact which leads to final project success.




Abdel : 
I colloborated with Madhan for many years in Continental, in requirements management and System management area. He is very sound technically and has systematic approach towards problem solving. what i really enjoyed is his cool headedness and calmness in work break down of requirements and scheduling/proritization of them. Our discussion and colloborations were highly productive and constructive. He is very skill full in managing and co-ordinating large scale operations & tasks with smooth scheduling and timeline planning. It is rare to come across someone as dedicated and hardworking as him. His commitment to project work and willingness to go the extra mile sets him apart from their peers.


Kiruba : 





